Sweetie, I know you're still angry at me.
Whether you hit me or yelled at me, I'll admit it.
But it's so noisy.
You want to know how they can make money raising kids.
Didn t you force him to die?
Vice President
If you love nature.
He raised it and its building.
As long as he's out.
I'll let him scream like a rat across the street.
And this one.
This is what you bought him with my dowry.
I'll make him spit it all out.
I already told you.
There is no guilt between me and Zhu.
We're just friends.
Don't let your heart get dirty, see what's bad.
Friends are more important than safety.
When the blood clot in An An dried.
You're saving your friend.
As An An lay in the cold coffin, he was walking with his friend's daughter.
I really think An An is an animal.
Fo Huai An, when you saved your mother Zhu Nhien
An An is bleeding a lot.
He asked me many times.
Why didn't my father come to save me?
Does he not need me anymore?
Vice Hoai An, when I call your name
If you turn your head
You can see An An is bleeding.
Maybe An An will not die.
Ball Bearings
They're all An An's killers.
Can you sleep at night?
When you lose too much blood
When he's cold.
Can you hear me?
Don't talk, don't talk.
I'm sorry An An.
It's all my fault.
But miss
These.
It has nothing to do with their daughter.
He was a well-dressed lady.
Become like this.
It's been hard.
frivolous
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry I married you.
I am so sorry to have found an animal who does not know how to be a father.
I'm reasonable.
Mom, hug me.